README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kruupos/sniwi.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kruupos/sniwi)

# SNIWI

Sniwi - the kiwi sniffer, is a monitoring tool intended to alert any user on detecting abnormalities with HTTP traffic on his machine.

It will simply 'sniff' the [apache logfile](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.2/en/logs.html) located in `/var/log/apache.log` and giving you interseting feedback it might have found.

### Requierments

* Python3.7

OR

* Docker
* docker-compose

## Setup

#### 1. Clone this repository. 

```bash
# clone the frontend repository
git clone https://github.com/kruupos/sniwi.git
```

### 2. Run the app

#### Locally, if you have python 3.7 and pipenv installed 

```bash
pipenv shell
python3 -m sniwi
```

#### Using docker

```bash
# first build the docker image, you need to do this only once
docker-compose build
# then launch the app
docker-compose --rm run sniwi
```

Because tty and stdin are set to true in docker-compose, running the app will launch the app directly inside your terminal

### Unit Tests

Done with `pytest`

#### Using docker (recommanded)

```bash
# first build the docker image, you need to do this only once
docker-compose -f ./docker-compose.test.yml build
# Then run pytest
docker-compose -f ./docker-compose.test.yml run --rm pytest
```

#### Using pytest

```bash
# run pipenv
pipenv shell
# Then run the tests
pytest ./tests -v
```

Commit message:

[#4] docker-compose updated for windows

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kruupos/sniwi.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kruupos/sniwi)

# SNIWI

Sniwi - the kiwi sniffer, is a monitoring tool intended to alert any user on detecting abnormalities with HTTP traffic on his machine.

It will simply 'sniff' the [apache logfile](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.2/en/logs.html) located in `/var/log/apache.log` and giving you interseting feedback it might have found.

### Requierments

* Python3.7

OR

* Docker
* docker-compose

## Setup

#### 1. Clone this repository. 

```bash
# clone the frontend repository
git clone https://github.com/kruupos/sniwi.git
```

### 2. Run the app

#### Locally, if you have python 3.7 and pipenv installed 

```bash
pipenv shell
python3 -m sniwi
```

#### Using docker

```bash
# first build the docker image, you need to do this only once
docker-compose build
# then launch the app
docker-compose run --rm sniwi
```

Note: if you have docker-for-windows installed you can use

```bash
docker-compose run --rm sniwi_windows
```

it will map the container folder `/var/log` to your current folder.

Because tty and stdin are set to true in docker-compose, running the app will launch the app directly inside your terminal

### Unit Tests

Done with `pytest`

#### Using docker (recommanded)

```bash
# first build the docker image, you need to do this only once
docker-compose -f ./docker-compose.test.yml build
# Then run pytest
docker-compose -f ./docker-compose.test.yml run --rm pytest
```

#### Using pytest

```bash
# run pipenv
pipenv shell
# Then run the tests
pytest ./tests -v
```
